Community Meeting 20181220

Zarino Zappia edited this page Dec 20, 2018 · 4 revisions

Attendees: Original Sean, Nuclear Sean, Zarino, Will, Catherine, Mike, JR

Review of/actions from last meeting

  • Publicise Christmas Party
    • Done!
  • Clear Room 29 for carpets
    • Done!
  • Create and Publicise Foodbank Drive
    • Done!

Recent Events

  • Synth meet
    • Didn’t go well. Mostly down to people being away / out shopping for Christmas.
    • Jason has offered to help publicise next one (9th Feb?) via Fabric District / Tapestry channels.
  • Christmas Decorations Workshop
    • Went really well. Overran (about 4 hours in total) but food and projects went down well. Total 25 attendees, paying £15 each. Cost roughly £150, so circa £200 profit.
    • Big thanks to all the helpers, including Jackie, Helen, Zarino, Mike, Stu, Matt, Chris T, Tom, and Emma.
    • ACTION: Zarino or Jackie to send out follow-up email, for feedback.
  • Christmas Party
    • New space worked really well for this. Mix of atmospheres between the event room, the kitchen, and the main space.
    • Did it cheaper than normal – food and drink from Lidl was fine!

Upcoming Events

  • DoES is officially closed to non-keyholders from 5pm Friday 21st Dec to 9am Thursday 3rd Jan, with the exception of Thursday 27th and Friday 28th, when we’re aiming to be open for visitors. Keyholders / Out of Hours members can still enter at any time.
  • Sean and Matt have been working on plans for a non-destructive robot tournament, to run in January or February.
    • Mike suggests holding an in-person workshop that people can attend to learn more, before the competition.
    • Matt is working on setting up a Discourse channel for planning.
  • ACTION: Folks to have a think about future workshops (like the Christmas Decoration workshop) we could run in the first half of 2019. Valentines Day? Mothers Day? Easter?

Finances

  • We’re breaking even, but we have a cashflow issue.
    • Discussion of switching people to Direct Debits via GoCardless. Give a discount for payment via DD?
    • Discussion of capping Out Of Hours access to certain number of visits or certain amount of time?
    • Could we add a doorbot to the lasers, so we can track how much time each invidual person uses?
    • ACTION: Sean to put a label / sheet on honesty boxes asking people to make a note if they’re paying for their time / membership in cash, so we can make a note in the accounts.
  • We’ve struggled to pay the service charge this month, mostly because electricity bill has been high, and we had two unusual expenses (conflict resolution training and accountancy fees).
    • ACTION: Zarino to keep an eye on the air con temperature settings – 21℃ should be plenty?
    • ACTION: Sean to investigate whether we’re locked into our energy supplier, and whether it’s a competitive price.
  • Some discussion of whether the accountancy fees were reasonable / whether they paid for themselves.
  • Discussion of plans to put SONOFF switches on the high-power devices (eg: laser cutters) to track power usage.
  • The open windows in the laser room (for extraction) are a problem
    • Discussion of signage on high-power machines, telling people how much they cost to run, per hour.
    • ACTION: Sean & Mike to recap (via github / Adrian / John) the latest plans for extraction in laser room.

Current Room Usage

  • Ben needs Dinky to be sorted, so he can use it along with the soundproof room.
    • ACTION: Mike to rebuild large wooden dining table.
    • ACTION: Sean G to organise furniture moving day, on January Maker Day.
    • Other things:
      • Carpeting
      • Heating
  • Discussion of tidying up the "alcove" next to the CNC room.
    • Nuclear Sean has come up with a layout for fitting Morris the non-functional laser cutter into the laser room.
    • ACTION: Sean & Mike to plan a day for people to help clearing out the alcove and moving Morris.
  • Kitchen
    • ACTION: Mike to put up the 4 black kitchen cupboards.

AOB

  • We’ve been nominated for an award from Inclusive Economy Liverpool (award ceremony at the end of January).
  • Adrian has set up "Fresh / Stale / Last chance" boxes as a way to clear unwanted stuff out of the space.
  • The 4-inch and 6-inch extraction tubes in laser room are leaking.
    • ACTION: Mike to measure pipes and send lengths to Sean G for purchasing.
    • ACTION: Mike & Nuclear Sean to work out plan for putting the blowers outside the building, to reduce noise.
  • Doors have been primed, but not painted. When can we get round to that?
  • Zarino and Sean cleared out the fridge today. There was some really old stuff in there. Need to do it more often!

Confirm time & date of next meeting

  • 17th January, 1pm
Clone this wiki locally
You can’t perform that action at this time.
You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.